What is up guys and what KMAX in our industry are you going to be working at the team customize or.
And this is very important.
So let's just go with this let's just go to team a miser and let's just added our team totally.
OK.
I'm just going to go to all the settings simultaneously so that I can just explain it to you that are
important.
OK.
So let's just go to general settings here we can go to the channel settings we have the layout settings.
OK we can just enable the box layout.
OK.
So this is the old layout this people used to just have the box layout and all the older days fan.
They can just create their box layouts.
So I'm just I'm just someone this I just wanted to be the normal one.
This is now the people create the blog.
OK so then we have the sidebar of it we can control manage our Sidebar right here so you can see if
I just increase it.
The sidebar is being increased.
I'm just going to go with the normal one.
And then we have the website cutterhead So if I just decrease that he can see the column section.
The spacing is being decreased.
So you can do it if you want to.
I think it looks great.
But the normal one you can see there are a bit spacing.
I don't if you don't like the spacing you can just decrease it.
I Lucrece it.
I'll just set it to two I guess.
I think it looks great.
All right let's just choose it to be this one then.
No I think it will set it to two.
So just give some spacing not too much.
OK.
Here you can very good the content bid like if you want to increase it for the big websites you can
increase the content as well.
But I'm going to be going up in a default one.
And then we have the X in color.
OK let's just come here and let's change it so you can see this color is being changed.
So you can pretty well manage with which color you want to go with.
And then you have to stick to it.
So make sure that you just make some changes for the customization that it applies to every thing.
Didn't I just come here to a single module and then change it so that you just choose one and then you
stick to it.
I'm just going to go with the purple one because I think I like it a bit and I'm just going to stick
to it.
OK so this is a kind of blue.
OK.
And I think it looks great so I'm going to go back KHRAIS here and then we have the topography settings
so Harry can just work with the default team fonde and the heading text size.
This is the heading text size.
So change is going to increase it take and see this is being increased OK.
And this is looking so cray cray.
I love this.
I'm just going to go with the normal one.
OK.
So then we have the body text size.
OK we can increase or decrease it.
OK.
And then we have the heading.
Einheit you guys already know about the line height spacing from the top the bottom the sides.
So it can just increase it.
Sorry sorry sorry.
I'm just increasing the text size.
I was just confused.
What is happening.
It is going to increase the line height and you can see the height from the top and the bottom is being
increased.
Then we have the body height as well.
You can increase the body height if you want to.
And you can see here right here.
This is increasing.
I'm just going to go with the default one right here and then we have the heading fun style.
So everything is capitalized here.
OK.
Just click here you can see.
Nothing is capitalized.
And I came and underline it.
OK.
I can even make it a Telic.
I'm just kidding.
I'm not going to make it underline but it Telic looks fine to me.
So I'm going to go down and then we have the heading on here you can choose how you want the fun to
be so you can choose a different font you can choose anything from here.
OK I can.
I think this looks pretty cool.
Break here.
OK.
I'm looked for is the font mean I liberate.
I think this looks cool.
This looks cool.
OK.
But this will only apply to the heading that the body takes the body text should be visible to us and
easy to understand.
And so I think it is looking closer.
If I choose it pro
the adventure looks cool but I think I should go with the default one because default font default one
is more likely to read.
OK so then we have the body link color the body Technicolor and everything you can manage it.
So I hope you're understanding.
And you guys already understand if you are watching my whole series of videos from from the top.
So then we have the background color here you can manage the background color that hung in the background
color.
But I'm just going to be going up did you fold one or if you want to go with a more enhanced You can
go with the hash tag.
EBay EBAY and then ebay this is the one that I personally use and I like to use.
So I'm just going to go with the publish and let's just go to the header in navigation settings here
we can manage the Henrie navigation settings.
You probably already know if you have word if you have created this web site I mean that is as tree
complete there will be course dot com.
This is exactly the same as this we can manage everything from here.
OK.
I'm just going to go to the head of format settings and you can see that we have the left right centered
and everything.
So I can select Sigurd's like the centered one and you can see this is now centered.
So I'm just going to go with the left side because I think I like this and that would have height navigation
until I crawl.
So this is going to hide it.
If I just crawl my page you can see the navigation is appearing.
So you can pretty well do that if you want to but I think it looks unprofessional to not do that.
OK then we have the primary menu bar settings here we can make it the full width if we want to.
You can see this is now added this form.
So I think it looks create them forward.
We can also hide the logo image so I don't think so if logo image should be hidden.
So this looks cool but I'm not going to make it full with.
OK.
I'm just going to go with the default one.
And then we have the menu hide so we can increase the menu height as well.
OK we can decrease it a bit.
How much we want to decrease it.
OK.
I'm just going to go with the default one.
And then we have the logo right so we can increase decrease the local height as well.
And you're going to make it a little bit smaller so that it looks cool.
And then I also want to increase decrease the size of that menu.
I think it looks cool.
Then we have the text size which is referring to this.
We can also increase or decrease it.
OK.
And it's going to increase it more.
This looks cool.
Ok cool.
And then we have the letter spacing so you can just go with the letter spacing as well.
I'm going to go with Yvonne 0 1.
OK and then we have the default font.
And you can change it you can change that how you want it to be.
You can also change to be a bio library.
OK.
So here can manage that text color and everything from here.
The background color as well.
OK so if you want to choose a different background you can go with that.
But since you have chosen this one right here.
One thing I should be going up with a bit of purple right here so you can see that this is how this
is looking so make sure that you manage this with this as well a bit.
And since this is right here than the full one so you can make it the full.
But I don't think so Flegg the floor.
So you have to make it a little bit Faid so that it is visible to me.
OK.
And then we have the Hoover link active colors.
You can select this as well if you want it to be a different thing.
So if we should make a change this is the default settings are looking cool.
And then we have a text color right here.
I think text color it needs to be more visible.
This is now visible a bit.
I think it was looking a bit cool.
I'm just going to use it to be a little bit of create not the full.
So this is looking pretty well right now.
OK let's go down and then we have the dropdown menu active link color dropdown menu dropdown menu text
color.
OK.
So we have this dropdown menu and text call or a drop down menu line color.
OK this is the line colored here and everything.
So we have the dropdown menu feeding from top so you can see this is changing.
This is like this.
Hey if you go to this skill in from center then you get to see this is also a trait thing that we have
here.
But I basically like slide in that slide in vertically Yes.
I I just like this one.
So I'm just going to select this one and then let's go ahead and let's safe right now.
OK let's just go to this right here.
Let's go to the second row menu bar settings.
And here we have this one right here.
You can manage the color if there so I'm going to be choosing a bit darker this OK and when you make
it a little bit more darker so that it is visible to me I think it looks cool.
It looks cool right now.
Is it fully darker.
OK I'm going to make it a little bit saying ok cool.
OK.
So you can see this is changing a bit and we have that text COLLAERY here is takes scholars also like
this you can pretty well manage everything from here.
You can see then we have the search card icon background color and everything from here.
And we can manage it so we can also make it full with if you want to you can see this is now turned
full of it.
OK.
So everything looks cool right here.
I'm going to go back right now and then we have the fix navigation fix navigation is basically this
that is coming.
So you can just come here to fix navigation and you can change the menu to be more light.
And if you just go you can see this is increased.
And if you go down this is like this.
So you can also in this you can change the background color as well.
OK I can make it full light if I want to and this is now changed to full right and I can make the text
color to be black.
So now if I go down you can see how this is gray.
I'm going to choose the default one and the default one for the background cause I want it to be the
default.
So let's just make it a little bit of purple righ here so that it matches everything the blue looks
cool as well.
OK.
But I don't want the blue.
I want this to be the matching with this so it should match.
I want it to be more purple.
I like purple from here.
Decrees.
The Pasotti from here.
I want to be more like blue.
OK.
So I can just get that code from here.
Let's just come here.
Let's just Krabbe decode color picker page active let's just Krabbe this code.
OK and I want to paste it right here.
OK.
So let's go down and you can see that the color you means same color.
OK what I'm going to do.
Now I want to hit publish right now and I'm going to go back and there we have the header elements sitting
so I mean here we can just show the social icons we can show that search bar and we can also show trending
bars so I think I like this one this is so amazing.
So I did not change it.
OK.
And if you want to remove the social icons you can remove them but I think it is a good way to add that.
And you can get some followers and everything.
Let's go back and let's go back and then we have the footer settings right here.
So here you can manage the footer OK.
You can go to the layout you can see that we have three columns for a.
Here you can select you can select four in everything.
OK.
And then here you can also add a list of pages you can also add something with that.
Then we have the tip graphy so you can manage it.
You can manage the footer elements as well.
Yes.
And everything from here.
OK then we have the bottom bar.
So here you can and everything pretty well here from here.
OK.
I'm going to go back I'm going to go back and then we have the burdens right here.
So here we have the button styles the button hole for icons.
OK.
So we can manage it we can just increase the size.
And then we can also change the color and everything.
So you can also make it seem like this if I just change the background color to be a bit of blue you
can see it will be blue.
I can make it feel like here it can increase the capacity.
You can see this is changed to this.
It can do very creative.
You can do manage that how you want it to appear.
So I think it looks cool right here.
But this much color.
OK.
I'm going to go down and then we have the border red so you can increase the border or you can create
a border color.
You can just go with this so I can increase the waterbed red OK I can go with the broader radius as
well.
It can make it like this so you can pretty well manage and play with it.
OK I'm going to go down.
I'm going to go back and then we have the button hole side also on Hoover.
You can change the color or you can make it full black.
OK.
You can see this is black.
You can increase the capacity and everything from here so you can see how this is changing.
We have to take sides the border of as well so you can make it the story mean you can make the border
really has to be full.
If I just bring memos here you can see it is changing.
Then we go down we go back and then we have the social media networks here we can add some links so
you can see that we have the social media here I can add that Google Plus your real Pinterest you are
l WordPress you are l my video you out my LinkedIn my RSS as well so you can see these.
So much are here.
So that is why they give more color to the Web site to make sure that you added You create your profile
and then you add these social links OK.
We go back and then we have the site identity here we can look for the site identity and the icon you
guys already know about it.
So let's just add any icon like here.
OK.
I'm just going to grab this one.
I just like this guy a lot.
This is he's so happy.
So I'm just going to grab it.
I'm just I just need to crop the image first.
OK.
So let's crop the image to
Alan's hit crop so you can see it's going to apply here.
It's going to take some time because the it is cropping the image and again this has been applied here.
I'm going to go back to back from an image if you want to add a background image and you want to add
it to candidates you can just so like here you can just choose Aimee's.
So the image is going to be added.
You are against Syria.
Now
the image is not appearing.
I'm going to go to fit full screen.
OK.
This image is right here right now.
Let's make it Center and see.
I'm going to hit two screens.
It's just going to be for this crane right now.
And I can just said fill screen.
OK.
So let's wait till this is done and is going to show you how this is going to look.
So this is how it is looking.
OK I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit remove because I don't want any damage right now.
OK.
Let's go to the menus right here in here we can manage the menu.
You guys already know about it.
OK.
I'm going to go back to the vigil tray here and here we have the footer footer of it so you can see
that we have the sidebar left.
We have the footer sidebar middle.
We have inactive footer sidebar.
OK.
And then we have the for sidebar right so we can manage everything from here as well.
I'm going to go back tray here and then we have the home page settings right here.
So we have the extra category out.
You can select any layout from here as well.
And your front page displays make sure that you do not make any change to here.
Just keep it as it is the way your changes will be missed from here.
And then we have the additional CSSA so you can add some additional see SS I probably wondering that
you don't want to mess with this because C Ss is like a bit of coding and you don't want to add them.
So now you can see that we're totally done with say.
This is however this looking and it is looking pretty and create and amazing.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And if you think that any of the code is not working in it anything is not working then go ahead and
contact your TV team because you're going to give you free support.
You have a you have your support to make sure that you feel it and they will give you free support and
you can if that code is not really king something good is not working that will help you.
So you can also contact me on you to me and I will help you as well.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
And in the next video vivo will be for a king of dot.
That is the e-commerce Web site.
So stay tuned.
And by.